MONDAY
Waah stumbled up the staircase that led to the obstacle course. 
The Court had let Waah stay at the palace until the obstacle course was finished, and Waah had binged on food in the Cafeteria and slept on a very comfortable bed for a few wonderful days. 
But now - this was it. The tests that would see if Waah was good enough to join the Court as a Calculator.
“The tests will last up to one week,” Mushy was explaining as she led Waah to a gigantic door at the top of the steps. 
“We will provide you with some manure at the start, but there are many things that could happen to that manure while you are in the course. If you get at least 3 calculations wrong, you do not get the job.”
Waah gulped. “Just how long is this obstacle course?” They asked timidly.
“Many, many meters long,” Mushy smiled as she waited for Waah to catch up. “Are you sure that you still want to do it?”
Waah almost screamed, “NO!” and ran away screaming. 
However, they knew that this was their only chance to follow their dreams and become a member of the Court of Holy Mushrooms! So, Waah said, “yes.” Very firmly.
Even Mushy looked a bit surprised by Waah’s answer. “Okay then,” she said, “here is what you will get.” 
She reached into a little box that Waah had not noticed. Mushy pulled out a backpack, a very large bottle of manure and a map. “Here you go!” She said cheerfully. 
Waah wondered if Mushy liked to see others suffer.
Waah accepted the items, but frowned as they attempted to carry the manure bottle. “Um, how am I supposed to carry this?”
“Put it in the backpack,” Mushy said simply. She then proceeded to open the huge door, shove Waah in and slam it shut. 
Waah was alone. They tried to open the door again, but the knob wouldn’t budge - it was locked! Waah sighed. They couldn’t go back.
Waah inspected their surroundings. They were on a stone path surrounded with bushes, and orange bubbles floated through the air. 
It looked very much like the path that Waah had met the Fungloon on. 
“First, I have to put this bottle of manure in the backpack,” Waah decided aloud. They opened up the backpack that Mushy had given them.
Inside was a compass, a large cloth, and… That was it! “No paper?!” Waah groaned. They would have to do mental math for the whole journey! Well, assuming that Waah would even use math. 
“Why would a Calculator have to go through an obstacle course?!” Waah shouted. Mushy had said that Waah would have to use math, but Waah didn’t see where.
All of a sudden, a bright tablet of stone appeared in front of Waah. “Wh-what is this?” Waah cried. They dared a peek at the stone. It read, “hihi I am a randomly generated question”
“So that’s how math comes into this!” Waah exclaimed, “well, this question looks easy. Let’s do it!”
