Once upon a time, there was a quaint little mushroom named Waah. 
This particular mushroom lived in the smelly land of the Fungal Wastes, working part-time in a manure shop and generally having a normal, boring life.
But Waah didn’t want that. Ever since they were a little mushroomling, they dreamed of joining the Holy Court of Mushrooms. 
However, every mushroom dreamed of joining the Court. What was different about Waah? 
Waah was currently sitting behind a cashier, breathing in the rancid scents of the Manure Shop. 
Stifling a sigh, they slouched down even further on their chair, staring at the ceiling. 
“I hate my life,” Waah thought sadly, “but the Holy Court of Mushrooms aren’t even hiring!”
A tall, thin mushroom staggered into the shop, knocking his small cap on the low ceiling. Glancing around, he called out, “HELLO?”
Waah nearly fell off their chair from the sudden loud sound. “I’m here!” Waah huffed, standing up on the cashier counter. 
They were used to mushrooms not seeing Waah there. 
You could say that Waah was a very short mushroom, in contrast to the one who had just entered the shop.
“OH! HI!!” The tall mushroom greeted, knocking over a shelf of manure bottles. Waah winced.
“MY NAME IS SHROOM! I WANT MANURE!” The mushroom shouted, nearly making Waah’s non-existent ears bleed. 
“Of course you do. That’s why you even went to the Manure Shop!” Waah muttered, hopping back down onto their chair. 
“Go choose,” Waah said, gesturing to the very large amounts of manure bottles that were in the room. 
The tall mushroom - Shroom, Waah remembered - frowned. “I NEED HELP!”
Waah assisted Shroom in picking out the right manure for him. Shroom turned out to be a very good customer. 
He ended up with hundreds of manure bottles in his cart, which Waah dreaded to calculate after.
After several minutes, Shroom decided that he was finished. Waah sighed as they got out a piece of paper and a pencil, scrawling down lines upon lines of calculations. 
“YOU ARE GOOD AT CALCULATING,” Shroom observed as Waah managed to finish calculating the price in less than a minute, 
“PERHAPS YOU COULD JOIN THE HOLY COURT OF MUSHROOMS AS A CALCULATOR?”
Waah frowned, glancing up from counting the money that Shroom had handed over to him. 
“The Court isn’t hiring,” they said sadly, placing the money in a drawer. “How would I be able to join them?”
“THEY ARE HIRING!” Shroom said, frowning at Waah as if they were very dumb.
Before Waah could respond, Shroom left the shop, the bottles of manure clinking in his cart.
“...Hiring?” Waah asked softly, still staring at the door that Shroom had left from, “perhaps I shall check that out.”
__________________________________
Waah trudged along a stone path, a backpack slung over their back. 
Vines hung down from far above, and little orange bubbles floated through the air. Waah glanced at a map, and then at the road beyond. 
“Am I even going the right way?” They muttered, stuffing the map back into one pocket. Waah wasn't the best of navigators. 
They didn’t even have a Wayward Compass, which made the situation even worse. 
In fact, the only travelling Waah did was from their home to the Manure Shop, and from the living room to the microwave.
“Dooooo youuuuu neeeeed heeelppp?” A wispy voice asked softly. The voice seemed to come from everywhere, and it freaked Waah out. 
Waah turned in a circle, trying to locate the source of the sound. They saw no one else with them, unless the floating orange bubbles counted.
“I’mmmm uppppp heeeere!” The voice giggled, and Waah glanced up. A Fungoon - basically a floating balloon of poisonous gas - floated through the air above Waah. 
Waah nearly shouted with joy. Fungoons were known to help out lost travelers, and Waah was surely one at the moment.
“I wish to go to the palace of the Holy Court of Mushrooms!” Waah said, talking as clearly as they could. The Fungoon led Waah along a maze of roads and trails. 
Waah soon lost sense of all direction; even with a Wayward Compass, they would still probably get lost! 
Soon, Waah noticed a tall, grand structure in the distance, and they thanked the Fungoon for directing them to the palace of the Holy Court of Mushrooms. 
The Fungoon left as quickly as they had come, and Waah continued on their journey.
The Court’s palace was constructed out of shiny metal that reflected the orange bubbles in the air. 
It wasn’t exactly a palace - in fact, it looked just like Waah’s house, other than the fact that it was as tall as a blade of grass. 
Waah gazed in awe at the structure. They had dreamed of this moment all of their life! Well, if Shroom was right and the Court was indeed hiring. But still!
Waah trekked up the path leading to the palace, quivering with excitement. 
They resisted the urge to squeal as the large door creaked open to reveal a round, small mushroom. 
Blue bubbles were positioned artfully on her head, and a badge on her arm showed that she was a member of the Court!
“Hello,” Waah greeted, attempting to sound formal. “Are-are you hiring?”
The fungling frowned at Waah. “Of course not,” she said, and at those words Waah felt their dreams get trampled on, cut into pieces and thrown off a cliff.
“We’re recruiting.” She continued, and Waah glanced up, a wide smile on their face. “Come on in, and I’ll ask you a few questions.”
Once the two were seated in a comfortable living room, Waah on the floor and the other mushroom on a couch, Waah began to doubt themself. 
Were they really good enough to join the Court? Or was it just a waste of time?
“So, what job would you like to apply for?” the girl asked. Waah saw a badge on one leg that he had not noticed before. It read Mushy. That was probably her name.
“I - I would like to apply for a calculator,” Waah responded, and Mushy nodded and scrawled something down on a clipboard. 
“As you might know, Calculators are responsible for calculating all needed calculations that the Court needs,” Mushy said, sounding very bored, 
“are you sure that you are suited for the job?” 
Waah nodded vigorously. Mushy continued, “well, you will have to go through a series of… Tests, you could call them.” Waah glanced at her, astonished. 
“Tests?” they repeated. Waah had thought that applying for the Court would be like applying for a job. 
Just come in, have an interview and boom! You’re hired! “Does the court require a resume?” Waah thought suddenly, and they wondered if this was a bad idea.
“We will prepare an obstacle course that requires you to use calculations to get through,” Mushy explained, 
“please fill out this form. Come back on Monday to do your test.”
“What have I gotten myself into?” Waah thought sadly.